aws-s3-mv: add page (#9221)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-s3-mv.md

# aws s3 mv

> > Move a local file or S3 object to another location locally or in S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Move local files or S3 objects to another location locally or in S3.
```

> More information: <https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/mv.html>.

> - Move a single file to a specified bucket and key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move a file from local to a specified bucket and key:
```

> `aws s3 mv {{file_name}} s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name_2}}.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws s3 mv {{path/to/local_file}} s3://{{bucket_name}}/{{path/to/remote_file}}`
```

> - Move a single S3 object to a specified bucket and key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move a specific S3 object into another bucket:
```

> `aws s3 mv s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name}}.txt s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name_2}}.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws s3 mv s3://{{bucket_name1}}/{{path/to/file}} s3://{{bucket_name2}}/{{path/to/target}}`
```

> - Move a single S3 object to a specified bucket and retain its original name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move a specific S3 object into another bucket keeping the original name:
```

> `aws s3 mv s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name}}.txt s3://{{example_bucket_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws s3 mv s3://{{bucket_name1}}/{{path/to/file}} s3://{{bucket_name2}}`
```
